[Music]
joe gardner
a middle school music teacher from new
york city dreams of a career in jazz
even though his mother libba objects to
it fearing for his financial security
one day joe learns of an opening in the
band of jazz legend
dorothea williams and auditions for it
impressed with joe's piano playing
dorothea offers him a chance to perform
later that night
as joe happily heads off to prepare for
the show he falls down a manhole
joe finds himself as a soul heading into
the great beyond
unwilling to die before his big break he
tries to escape but ends up in the great
before
where soul counselors all named jerry
prepare
unborn souls for life each soul has a
badge
which once filled out with traits grants
passage to earth
mistaken for an instructor joe is
assigned to train
22 a cynical soul who has remained in
the great before
for millennia and sees no point in
living on earth
she needs to find her spark to complete
her badge and agrees to give it to joe
so that he can return home
joe tries to assist 22 in finding a
passion but the attempts prove futile
with no other options they head for the
zone an area people enter when their
passion sets them into a euphoric trance
it also houses the lost souls who become
obsessed and
broken moonwind the captain of a
psychedelic ship
bearing a troop of mystics without
borders helps rescue the lost
souls the mystics agree to help joe
who has been in the coma since his fall
joe excitedly hops back to earth
but accidentally brings 22 along
resulting in 22
entering his body and joe ending up in a
therapy cat
initially frightened 22 settles into
joe's body and finds great enjoyment in
the little things in life
she holds deep and poignant
conversations with connie a student who
planned to quit the school band
but who changes her mind after losing
herself in a passionate
impromptu trombone solo des
who wanted to become a veterinarian but
is now enjoying his career as a barber
and libba who reconciles with joe and
finally accepts her son's passion for
music
meanwhile terry an accountant designated
to counting souls headed to the great
beyond
goes to earth to look for the missing
joe joe and
22 find moon wind on earth at his day
job as a sign twirler
to help restore joe to his body but 22
experiences an epiphany and decides she
must find her purpose on earth
she flees with joe tailing behind but
terry catches up and brings both back to
the great before
22 realizes that her badge has been
filled out yet joe
insists that it was the result of his
experiences and
tastes 22 angrily tosses the badge at
him and disappears into the zone
joe later learns that instead of a
life's purpose a spark simply means that
a soul is ready to live
joe heads back to earth and has a
successful performance with the dorothea
quartet
the experience however is not as
fulfilling as joe expected
worse he might have to repeat the same
routine night after night
realizing his senseless and selfish ways
with 22
he decides to return the badge inspired
by the objects she collected while in
his
body joe plays the piano to enter the
zone and
look for 22 who has become a lost soul
using a small maple seed 22 had kept joe
convinces her that she is ready to live
returning her to normal with her badge
back 22 finally enters earth with joe
accompanying her
for as long as he can as he prepares to
head into the great beyond
joe is stopped by a jerry who thanks him
for inspiring them and offers him
another chance at life
joe accepts and returns to his body on
earth now ready to live
and appreciate every moment of his life